see reveal the place to celebrate 200 years
It's good that people vote for me, I'll be in the future vision of
private car
hand we can not talk to us today you have to resubmit
it seems like action
the challenge we have now
materialize on those dates
is this need to have seabed resources the external sector
the people's leaders want is different despite the goal
between the two nations
The good moment in no way
ae
check out
in the world
not
around 8 o'clock the program silvio santos do sbt continued working in the
southern region almost 200 proposals since 2004 that lived a moment of
has made a proposal another semifinal why this internal savings
in this theme
because if the chosen one we want to privilege the vision the sensation of
space
the front of the driver then companion passed in front
the idea is not to have a car as if it were a technology room gun
inside the car that the person
she has difficulty even deciding whether to know what she can actually offer
but to offer dignity of person the person will need everything that is
important for her to have a seven of the comforts
interactivity
is intending to have a display and here these will have information day of
entertainment by the way i accepted the course has interest in haiti
there has been no more division of passengers for what scares the
very great comfort feeling
interfax cited 50 meters because of the strong institutions
the question of simple user recognition was also killed today
both
when the person sits in the car, the components are frightened by the
mayor back
I walked with the car there but in what had said above the contract
the local the instrument panel federal steering wheel reporting the steering the cloth
one-month fund
so there is our biggest challenge is very important this is not ours
our bond with the economy so we have been working
world
I'm starting the first math adjusting your weaknesses do not have
turn
the main reasons for the conflict is basically what it provides
the driver and passengers a good chapter point of living the life
for us to realize for example scpc squares that have
red lines and chemistry
are my posts are uncomfortable door opening
d clô
do you agree
Paulo
first 20 positions main components of the playing field are
pedals primary
the steering wheel ban they all have to walk after running the
field with the handbrake I can have easy and fast access to the
components
how is it a concept car
people to overthrow the creativity of the registered artisans
We'll adjust it later.
the 20mins need to compete and generate a lot of discussion and he fired
all this renewal of ideas new solutions the future market and that the
people do not know if doing it because we also have freedom can create
developed because nowadays many times in what technology I have tried to do
what we want
I think the challenge for me for you imagines what it's going to be
really cool
for the future
for being creates this today
a way that is consistent with the
nothing that I believe is not feasible here in the past season
the gala
sa
check out
all
not
O
the year
after launching it was evaluation a great defense
all the work that we do is that the interested
It's very good